Revert "Revert "[DOC-9373] Add upgrade instructions for v23.2 Pre-Production Preview"" (#18166)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

See the [Example](plan-your-cluster.html?filters=dedicated#dedicated-example) for further guidance.

> ## Step 6. Select the CockroachDB version
> 
> When you create a new cluster, by default it uses the [latest CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} production release](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/releases/cloud). During the development cycle of the next major version of CockroachDB, a series of Beta and Release Candidate (RC) releases are made available for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} as a [Pre-Production Preview]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}#pre-production-preview-upgrades) release.
> 
> {{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
> Testing releases, including Pre-Production Preview releases, are provided for testing and experimentation only, and are not qualified for production environments and not eligible for support or uptime SLA commitments.
> {{site.data.alerts.end}}
> 
> When a Pre-Production Preview release is available, you can select it instead of the latest production release in the **Cluster Version** section alongside the latest production release. Upgrading to a Pre-Production Preview is a major-version upgrade. After a cluster is upgraded to a Pre-Production Preview release, subsequent patch releases, including additional beta and RC releases for the new major version, the GA release, and patch releases after GA, are treated as patch version upgrades. To learn more, refer to [Upgrade Policy]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}).

Reviewer: How about this edit? It changes the flow to ensure that each group - those who do and don't use a pre-production preview - are clear on the auto upgrade flow, based on their choice. It's also optimized to minimize the distraction of Pre-Production Preview content for those who will not be considering it, and it's _slightly_ shorter.

```suggestion
## Step 6. Select the CockroachDB version

When you create a new cluster, it uses the [latest CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} production release](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/releases/cloud) by default. All clusters are then upgraded automatically to each subsequent patch release of their major version as it becomes available. To learn more, refer to [Upgrade Policy]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}).

Prior to the GA release of a new CockroachDB major version, a series of Beta and Release Candidate (RC) releases are made available for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} as a [Pre-Production Preview]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}#pre-production-preview-upgrades) release. If available, this option is listed alongside the latest production release.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
Testing releases, including Pre-Production Preview releases, are provided for testing and experimentation only, and are not qualified for production environments and not eligible for support or uptime SLA commitments.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

If you install a Pre-Production Preview version, it will be upgraded to each subsequent beta or RC release automatically, before being upgraded to the GA and patch versions as they become available.
```

Author: I updated your edit a bit (line 112 to try to clarify that a maximum of one PPP release is available at any given time, and line 118 to add the word "subsequent" before "patch releases"). I also changed "versions" to "releases".
